README.md, before:

KopiLua
=================

KopiLua is a legacy project and was replaced by [KeraLua](https://github.com/NLua/KeraLua), which is a 1:1 binding to Lua C API.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/NLua/KopiLua.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/NLua/KopiLua)

* What is KopiLua?
 ------------
 Kopi Lua was originally a C# port of the Lua v.5.1.4 virtual machine, parser, libraries and 
 command-line utilities.
 It has been updated to Lua 5.1.5 on Feb/08/2012 by Vinicius Jarina.
   
* Contributing
 --------------
 * KopiLua is using the Mono Code-Style http://www.mono-project.com/Coding_Guidelines .
 * Please, do not change the line-end or re-indent the code.
 * Run the tests before push.
 * Avoid to push unneeded style changes (unless is really needed) renaming, move code.
 

* Availability
 ------------
 Like Lua, KopiLua is freely available for both academic and commercial
 purposes. The COPYRIGHT file contains the license details as well as
 links to sites containing specific information with regards to the
 licensing terms.
  

* Installation
 --------------
 Kopi Lua is implemented in C# and has been tested on Microsoft Visual Studio 2012 
 Professional. In order for Kopi Lua to successfully compile the following
 conditional compilation symbols must be defined in the project settings:
  
 LUA_CORE;LUA_COMPAT_VARARG;LUA_COMPAT_MOD;LUA_COMPAT_GFIND;CATCH_EXCEPTIONS
  
* Contact/Bug Reports etc
 -------------------------
 Please report all bugs and issues to Vinicius Jarina/viniciusjarina (mailto:viniciusjarina@gmail.com)
 (Old: Please report all bugs and issues to Mark Feldman (mailto:lua@ppl-pilot.com))

Commit message:

Update README with non-legacy disclamer.

README.md, after:

KopiLua for Wherigo
===================

This repository is a fork of NLua/KopiLua, a C# port of Lua 5.1.5. Although Lua 5.1 has long been replaced by newer versions, Wherigo cartridges in the wild are still compiled and executed against this particular version. It is therefore important for us to maintain this port to ensure compatibility of Wherigo with modern platforms.

Original README below.

----

KopiLua
=================

KopiLua is a legacy project and was replaced by [KeraLua](https://github.com/NLua/KeraLua), which is a 1:1 binding to Lua C API.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/NLua/KopiLua.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/NLua/KopiLua)

* What is KopiLua?
 ------------
 Kopi Lua was originally a C# port of the Lua v.5.1.4 virtual machine, parser, libraries and 
 command-line utilities.
 It has been updated to Lua 5.1.5 on Feb/08/2012 by Vinicius Jarina.
   
* Contributing
 --------------
 * KopiLua is using the Mono Code-Style http://www.mono-project.com/Coding_Guidelines .
 * Please, do not change the line-end or re-indent the code.
 * Run the tests before push.
 * Avoid to push unneeded style changes (unless is really needed) renaming, move code.
 

* Availability
 ------------
 Like Lua, KopiLua is freely available for both academic and commercial
 purposes. The COPYRIGHT file contains the license details as well as
 links to sites containing specific information with regards to the
 licensing terms.
  

* Installation
 --------------
 Kopi Lua is implemented in C# and has been tested on Microsoft Visual Studio 2012 
 Professional. In order for Kopi Lua to successfully compile the following
 conditional compilation symbols must be defined in the project settings:
  
 LUA_CORE;LUA_COMPAT_VARARG;LUA_COMPAT_MOD;LUA_COMPAT_GFIND;CATCH_EXCEPTIONS
  
* Contact/Bug Reports etc
 -------------------------
 Please report all bugs and issues to Vinicius Jarina/viniciusjarina (mailto:viniciusjarina@gmail.com)
 (Old: Please report all bugs and issues to Mark Feldman (mailto:lua@ppl-pilot.com))
